Ever came home tired from work/college hungry and opened your fridge, just to get confused what can you even make with the stuff you have?

Well we're here to help you! This is FlavorFlow, your personal Cooking assistant (powered by AI), which can cater to all your kitchen needs. 
(more info about what the app does and what to expect etc.)

This app was built for the boot.dev hackathon (link to the blogon boot.dev about the hackathon).
(other stuff + include that if the assistant's response are weird / something breaks, just create a new chat.)

## Tech Stack used

## TODOS

### Features
- allow users to bookmark / favorite recipes as well
- make it so that instead of clearing recipes, you can scroll left and right through the history of the recipes in the chat as well.
- transfer user chats, recipes and bookmarks across devices (implement auth and db for this)
- allow users to share recipes (and their favorites list) to as a link (to friends and family)

### Auth and DB
- Login / Auth (kinde)
- Connect to a postgres DB for chat history across devices (Neon)

## Disclaimer about AI usage

We built this project as a learning experience, so a lot of googling was done, and questions asked to llm's. Even still, we made sure to almost never just copy paste it's code, but rather ask it to explain it's boilerplate code and implemented it again for our own app. But, still there is some code here that was partially generated by AI (although still altered by us to our specific use case / how we wanted it).

- the details that show up when the recipe card is clicked: it's skeleton was written by AI, although we changed up the layouts inside it a little bit and changed the css to how we wanted it.

- used to fix a lot of errors / understand them (as we're fairly new to this stack)

Everything else that isn't mentioned above was written entirely by us, or taken it's boilerplate from the internet and changed it to our use case/needs.
